blend that is your dashboard
blackberry in this case passport where
on android ios tablet but also on pc mac
or windows needle is used for many things
I think the manager you forget in
office the blackberry and must send one
fundamental mail from the properties of
staff on which he cannot configure the
own company account or you are a
bed you're on the couch
you want to send a message you want
access our files to photos you have
done with the good you have forgotten
to blend all this well with a blend
it is possible multiplatform did
really very pertinent we have
find out how it works together
yes yes to the recco which application
practice of all the theory we have
explained in the presentation you see
here the short pass here an ipad but
the application is already available
for android tablet
when he had application he asks me with
which device you want to establish
connection remember connection
safe with all blackberry securities
with the encryption algorithms you see
here on the blackberry it appears to me that to the pads
was connected via wifi and here
what about the apple app but equal
even we'll find it on android on pc and su
mac for pc all the dashboard
which allows you to check that
what's happening on my pasture
you just see a me on the pass
live court or notification and it appears to me
also on the blend dashboard I can
go to check lab then all the
messaging I'm getting on mine
on my blackberry sky here on the
tablet I can go back to the home page
i can check bbm sms read them but
not only can they also write them I can
go to view the calendar
I can go to view the contacts
contacts that are obviously contacts
of the blackberry I can go to see the
file that I have inside my passport
however to all the devices that
they will support bland and they are all those
with 10.31 for example in the
camera see all images
can open them I can view them
I can copy them up to ipad
for example, music can even
double click to play
from ipad
the music I have on the blackberry in
so you have if you want a a
double of the music now not
is starting ok per game heard here
there is also a little bit also because the
passport is currently connected
under 3g network it seems to me not under the net
wifi not actually under wifi network but the
beauty of this system is that I can
have ideas
weiss connected on networks completely
different so I can have also
forgotten backberry in the office and
despite this I could go to
view what is coming
on the blackberry as a text message
write from blackberry in remotely
in short, so many possibilities for a
program that is very interesting
would be according to me is also implemented
with voice calls not so much for
call from the ipad but to see if for
example I get calls
notifications etc. etc. etc.
an application that is also declined
in desktop version and let's see
how it works on su mac
and here is the desktop version in this
case is turning on me but there is also the
windows version you see we have the
same functions that we find in the
version for where I'm trying to send
to my blackberry passport a text message
you have seen notification and I see it in
top right I can click on it I see
all messages can be answered
quietly from the PC keyboard in
very very fast way of course
we see text messages
let's see you, in short, everything comes
also reproduced on this application
here in the top left how many sms how many
months and how many bpm we have not read
the calendar we see here in Basque
to also display appointments
daily those weekly ones
monthly and the interesting thing is the file
manager because I can go and see
all the elements I have inside
in my blackberry even here with the
double click
I open the do now I opened in
Mamma mia what an ugly face I opened it
in preview from here I can save the
file I can also safely go
to add a file to the folders
or on PC see if with a simple drag
and drag and drop for example music
I can open moondance I can click
twice have it start on the pc you have
since beautiful notifications the born
among these are the various possibilities
possibility to also block the area of
in short, I work under a password
so many possibilities to come
implemented in my opinion in the future
also with the appropriate to see also from
desktop client calls incoming calls
on our password but back for the
final conclusions that have seen how
works on right belonged to the
same way compared to the tablet
what this application can do
well i think of the manager kyle blackberry from
job and a personal ipad does not want
install your mail does not want
configure your mail to your own
contacts on your personal tablet
however he can still work from the sofa
from the bed with a blend on its own
blackberry
maybe I'll take blackberry in office in
stay or really want first
maybe one forgets the blackberry
in short, applications
I think there are so many for
this system that I don't hesitate and don't have
hesitated to define a genius for
hdblog andrea galeazzi